[ Music ] >> From food assistance to education, always hope DMV was founded to aid our areas underserved. The organization serves the unhoused, returning citizens and seniors with job and skills training and their job search. Welcome to impact moment brought to you by DCTV. I'm Rebecca Bernat and today I'm joined by President and CEO Antoine Jones. Welcome, Antoine. >> Hey, how are you doing? >> I'm good, thank you. So I want to talk to you about how you find the people who need your services in the first place. Or maybe they find you. How do you get people to get involved in your programs? >> Actually, both. We are actually running through Friday. We go to the community to pass out flies that deal with COVID. And we engage, we meet a lot of people in the community. We knock on doors, we go to different events. And we just network with other organizations that have seniors, that have, that deal with the homeless, that deal with the return of citizens. So I meet them all kinds of ways. >> And what I love about your programming is that you are not only helping them find jobs, but you're also kind of helping training them how to become their own bosses if they want to be, using your entrepreneurship jumpstart course. You help prospective owners with licensing and registration. But you also cover the fees for all of that, which I think is just fantastic. By doing all of that for your potential entrepreneurs, how is that sort of lifting a lot of requirements or a lot of load off of their shoulders to kind of get into the nitty-gritty of opening their own business? >> Right. Well, system, the COVID, we've been out here doing a lot of work. And we have a lot of sponsors that seem to work that we've been doing, like Servio City. They, they, they'll reach out to us and give us a funding to style some of these classes. And we give a style now, we're going to do a, a mobile spending and we're going to be her and return the citizens and some of the homeless people who don't have employment. So our sponsor's been a blessed. And last year, or the spring of 2021, seven out of eight participants of your entrepreneurship jumpstart course graduated and went on to start their own businesses. What were some of the ideas that they had and what kind of companies were they looking to start? Well, we had a couple of that, that's the, uh, uh, uh, uh, trucking and, um, basically, um, hard. And we have, uh, two of them that, that was doing clothing, uh, vending. We had a young lady who actually, um, be a mover thing, which is dealing with food and, uh, um, dry food and cook food. So, um, it was basic that was affordable, but they out there working and they happy doing what they want to do. Why is this issue so close to your heart? Well, actually, this is, this is considered a role to my redemption. You know, um, I made some bad, uh, of choices in my life and in the last three and a half years, I've been working on my role to redemption and just actually out here, especially during this pandemic, helping people in need. Always hope is there for helping our people every day. So that's what we do. We out here. We, we find the resources and a lot of these companies don't go into the inner city or going to the urges, which they call projects. We go through there and get them assistance and just bring them the love that they need. Well, thank you so much for the amazing work that you do for your community and for DC as a whole. And thank you so much for taking the time today to talk to me. Thank you so much for taking the time to the interview. And thank you to our viewers at home for tuning in to this episode of impact moment. It's part of DC TV's non-profit capacity building grants program, our original programming, to highlight the ways our areas, nonprofits are making a difference. Stay out to date with our latest productions and tune into our livestream at dctv.org. [MUSIC]
